Add table for routes that should be implemented (#1352)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/tbdex/pfi/anatomy-of-a-pfi.mdx

* Accept `GET` requests for Offerings and Exchanges data
* Handle submission requests for new `RFQ`, `Order`, and `Close` messages

> Here is a list of the reequired routes you'll need to implement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of the required routes you'll need to implement:
```

<table border="1">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Method</th>
      <th>Endpoint</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>POST</td>
      <td>/exchanges</td>

>       <td>Used to send an RFQ aka create an exchange.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Used to send an RFQ aka create an exchange</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>PUT</td>
      <td>/exchanges/:id</td>

>       <td>Used to add additional messages to a pre-existing exchange e.g. order or close</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Used to add additional messages (e.g. `Order`, `Close`) to an existing exchange</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>GET</td>
      <td>/exchanges</td>

>       <td>Used to get exchanges</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Used to get the exchange IDs of all exchanges that match a specified filter</td>
```
